Log redact on TiFlash (#4994) (#4998)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md

    engine-addr = The external access address of the TiFlash coprocessor service.
[raftstore]
    ## Specifies the number of threads that handle snapshots.
    ## The default number is 2.
    ## If you set it to 0, the multi-thread optimization is disabled.
    snap-handle-pool-size = 2

    ## Specifies the shortest interval at which Raft store persists WAL.
    ## You can properly increase the latency to reduce IOPS usage.
    ## The default value is "4ms".
    ## If you set it to 0ms, the optimization is disabled.
    store-batch-retry-recv-timeout = "4ms"
[security]

>     ## New in v4.0.10. This configuration item enables or disables log redaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ## New in v5.0.0-rc. This configuration item enables or disables log redaction.
```
